File Name: brep-design.step-comp

This file is a STEP physical file giving a boundary representation
(geometry and topology) of the "shuttle" part.

This file was prepared by modeling the part on a ComputerVision
system, automatically extracting the AMRF part model, automatically
converting the AMRF model to a STEP model, and automatically editing
the STEP model to improve its format.

This file is used as input to the Off-Line Programming System.



File Name: mrsevs2.step

This is a STEP physical file describing the MRSEV's (Material Removal
Shape Element Volumes) for the second cut of the "shuttle" part.
This file was prepared manually using a text editor.  The Express
schema for MRSEV's was developed at NIST and has no formal standing
in PDES, IPO, ISO, etc.

This file is used as input to the Off-Line Programming System.



File Name: plan2.olps

This is a LISP-readable (and human readable) file giving the process
plan for machining the second cut of the "shuttle" part.  This file
was prepared manually using a text editor.

This file is used as input to the Off-Line Programming System.



File Name: setup2.step

This is a STEP physical file giving setup information for the second
cut of the "shuttle" part.  It tells where the fixture, workpiece,
part to be made, and MRSEV's are located.  It also describes a bounding
box of the initial workpiece.

Although this file is in good STEP format, the method of carrying
information in this file is a temporary kludge.

This file is used as input to the Off-Line Programming System.



File Name: shuttle-plan2-nc-1.psc

This is an NC program written in a non-standard but easy to read
machine-independent language for the second cut of the "shuttle" part.
It was written automatically by the Off-Line Programming System.



File Name: shuttle-plan2-nc-1.ge2000

This is an NC program readable by the GE2000 controller for a Monarch
Vertical Machining Center for the second cut of the "shuttle" part.
It was written automatically by the Off-Line Programming System by
running the file "shuttle-plan2-nc-1.psc" through a post-processor.



File Name: kid_shuttle2.jou

This file is a computer program which may be loaded into the "kid"
user interface for the Parasolid solid modeler. Loading this file into
kid will result in an emulation of the second cut of the "shuttle"
part.  A picture of the evolving model is drawn on the screen, and
the final model is saved in a file.  When the program is run, the
user will also be given the option of saving models of every MRSEV,
every actual removed volume (the intersection of the MRSEV with the
workpiece), and every intermediate workpiece shape.

This file was written automatically by the Off-Line Programming System.
